on 17 now only Kober transformed the sports hall of Eckernförder
School Center South
again in a KGaA Kurt Kräß and Kochel Halle
the small animal show of the Eckernförder breed poultry breeders and
Rabbit breeding club i opposite the stage
an instructive look at you already at the entrance the astonished visitors the
great variety of different was all made visible
almost 500 feathered and lent the creatures pleased small
Fleece visitors
including the biggest winners in the world
Manser known and extraordinary
For example, geese who are not looking forward to Christmas
and who evidently apprenticed to a v
Ducks who prefer to take another nap
and very sweet, fluffy chicks
some hatched so fresh
that they still humiliated the heat lamp
but as a normal urban person you can really be astonished how
many different bold geese and pigeons it admits
and how many were shown
a whole points family
and costume full pheasants
the immense ingenuity of nature makes the draw doubt that
People with all sorts of breeding tricks and crosses helped a little
Has
a fascinating play of colors and patterns of long and short feathers
are leading and drawing
Of course, the children's favorites were once again the rabbits
and there too was from dwarf to enjoy
everything represented
It is also instructive that chickens do not care where they are
Flock and that is inhuman and criminal is intelligent and
sentient beings
imprisoned in laying batteries
and that's how you grasp the connection again
from now on only eggs for friendly attitude to buy
dearest to the farmer directly
and as if the chicken had read my mind
he is also grateful and voluntarily a part
and looks proudly out of the cage
the desire to finally leave again soon
Of course, such a show is the crowning glory and reward for so many
breeder
if the most beautiful specimens receive appropriate trophies you
then full of pride in the domestic shelf can
certainly a successful weekend for exhibitors and visitors
but equally safe for the animals
do not know them exhausting